= Legal stuff

Emerald uses some code from RDoc (currently maintained by Eric Hodel)
and it’s Darkfish generator (written by Michael Granger) as well as
some of Darkfish’s iconset, which in turn was taken from the Silk
iconset by Mark James. See below for all those copying conditions.

== RDoc license

RDoc is copyrighted free software.

You can redistribute it and/or modify it under either the terms of the GPL
version 2 (see the file GPL), or the conditions below:

1. You may make and give away verbatim copies of the source form of the
   software without restriction, provided that you duplicate all of the
   original copyright notices and associated disclaimers.

2. You may modify your copy of the software in any way, provided that
   you do at least ONE of the following:

   a. place your modifications in the Public Domain or otherwise
      make them Freely Available, such as by posting said
      modifications to Usenet or an equivalent medium, or by allowing
      the author to include your modifications in the software.

   b. use the modified software only within your corporation or
      organization.

   c. give non-standard binaries non-standard names, with
      instructions on where to get the original software distribution.

   d. make other distribution arrangements with the author.

3. You may distribute the software in object code or binary form,
   provided that you do at least ONE of the following:

   a. distribute the binaries and library files of the software,
      together with instructions (in the manual page or equivalent)
      on where to get the original distribution.

   b. accompany the distribution with the machine-readable source of
      the software.

   c. give non-standard binaries non-standard names, with
      instructions on where to get the original software distribution.

   d. make other distribution arrangements with the author.

4. You may modify and include the part of the software into any other
   software (possibly commercial).  But some files in the distribution
   are not written by the author, so that they are not under these terms.

   For the list of those files and their copying conditions, see the
   file LEGAL.

5. The scripts and library files supplied as input to or produced as
   output from the software do not automatically fall under the
   copyright of the software, but belong to whomever generated them,
   and may be sold commercially, and may be aggregated with this
   software.

6. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR
   IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED
   WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
   PURPOSE.

== Darkfish license

Darkfish was written by Michael Granger and is included under the MIT
license. Darkfish contains images from the Silk Icons set by Mark
James.

=== Author/s
* Michael Granger (ged@FaerieMUD.org)

=== Contributors
* Mahlon E. Smith (mahlon@martini.nu)
* Eric Hodel (drbrain@segment7.net)

=== License

Copyright (c) 2007, 2008, Michael Granger. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
  this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
  this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
  and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

* Neither the name of the author/s, nor the names of the project's
  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
  software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

=== Attributions

Darkfish uses the {Silk Icons}[http://www.famfamfam.com/lab/icons/silk/] set
by Mark James.
