= Emerald -- Make your Ruby documentation a jewel, too

You think Darkfish is the worst RDoc generator ever? Got lost in SDoc
and Horo documentations? Found Hanna buggy and dislike frames?  Then
this is for you: Emerald, the only RDoc template which makes your Ruby
docs a jewel, too.

Emerald is a generator for RDoc[http://rdoc.rubyforge.org], i.e. a
plugin that replaces RDoc’s standard _Darkfish_ generator from which
many people (myself included) think it’s the ugliest RDoc layouting
engine that ever was around. If you want nice and modern documentation
that allows you to retain overview over a library, Emerald is the
generator you want to use.

== Installation

TODO: Emerald will be available via RubyGems soon...

If you want the latest version, check out the Git repisitory and build
the gem yourself:

  $ git clone git://github.com/Quintus/emerald
  $ cd emarald
  $ rake gem
  $ gem install pkg/emerald-x.x.x.gem

== Usage

From the commandline:

  $ rdoc -f emerald YOURFILESHERE

From a rake RDoc::Task:

  require "rdoc/task"
  require "rdoc/generator/emerald"

  RDoc::Task.new do |rt|
    # Your option stuff...
    rt.generator = "emerald"
  end

== Features

* Default theme has is centered around light blue/grey, just as Hanna was.
* No frames.
* Uses jQuery[http://jquery.com].
* Generates a Table of Contents (ToC) for toplevel file docs (so yes,
  your README will have a ToC).
* Classical file/class/method indices for best overview.
* Regular-Expression-powered JavaScript search.
* Darkfish-link compatible, i.e. if you switch to Emerald from Darkfish,
  the old links to your documentation will still work.
  * But note this is not the case for the other way round, as Emerald
    allows you linking to more stuff.
* GPL’ed. Free software.
* And more...

== Weblinks

* Sourcecode: https://github.com/Quintus/emerald
* Bugtracker: https://github.com/Quintus/emerald/issues

== Caveats

* ToC generation only works for proper heading nestings, especially it
  assumes your page to have <b>exactly one</b> level-1 heading. Having more
  of these is bad style, and Emerald wants to encourage good
  documentation/markup style.
* The search uses JavaScript’s regular expressions, so the quite
  advanced constructs you can create with Ruby’s Regular Expressions
  won’t work with all cases. But don’t tell me you search your API
  documentation with constructs like <tt>\A(?>[^ab]q)\s*%.*stuff(?<!badstuff)\w{2,4}(?:$|\\\\)</tt>.

== Thanks

Thanks to Eric Hodel keeping RDoc in an active and alive
state. Without this, there would be no point in developing
Emerald. Next my gratitude is dedicated at {Mislav
Marohnić}[https://github.com/mislav] for creating the {Hanna RDoc
template}[https://github.com/mislav/hanna], which sadly is not
maintained anymore, but was a big inspiration for Emerald and its
default theme, and to everyone on the web who posted something on
RDoc’s internals. Without you, it wouldn’t have been possible to get
Emerald to where it currently is.

== License

Emerald is an RDoc HTML generator.

Copyright © 2012 Marvin Gülker

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

=== Additional notes

* You can find the GNU GPL in the file COPYING.rdoc.
* This project incorporates some code and data (mainly images) from
  RDoc and the projects RDoc in turn uses stuff from. See the file
  LEGAL.rdoc for more information. Same goes for the jQuery licensing
  conditions.
* You can contact me at quintus ÄT quintilianus DÖT eu.
